Add github workflow to build and push kanister image (#1991)
kanisterio/kanister: BUILD.md

Don't forget to update the documentation at `docs/functions.rst` with
configuration information and examples to show off your new function.

## Build Kanister image

> Kanister build image [workflow](.github/workflows/kanister-image-build.yaml) is
> used to build and push new Kanister build image. It is on-demand workflow and
> you need to run it manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kanister build image [workflow](.github/workflows/kanister-image-build.yaml)
is used to build and push a new Kanister build image (`ghcr.io/kanisterio/build`).
It is an on-demand workflow and needs to be run manually.
```

Author: fixed

> This workflow expects `image tag` value as an input which gets used while
> building and pushing the image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This workflow expects `image tag` value as an input.
```

Author: fixed

> To make the new tag persistent, you need to set it [here](https://github.com/kanisterio/kanister/blob/bf570c75cfaa28a0c9038c8c2a611e4a8a2e517a/Makefile#L61) and raise a PR.

Reviewer: This is not very clear. We should say that the author updating the build image must raise a separate PR to update this value for it to be used in the build process.
Also, I would recommend changing the link to point to `master`. This `blob/bf570c75cfaa28a0c9038c8c2a611e4a8a2e517a` would become `blob/master`

Author: fixed

Don't forget to update the documentation at `docs/functions.rst` with
configuration information and examples to show off your new function.

## Build Kanister image

The Kanister build image [workflow](.github/workflows/kanister-image-build.yaml)
is used to build and push a new Kanister build image (`ghcr.io/kanisterio/build`).
It is an on-demand workflow and needs to be run manually. This workflow expects
`image tag` value as an input.

The author updating the build image tag must raise a separate PR to update this

> value for it to be used in the build process. It should be set it [here](https://github.com/kanisterio/kanister/blob/master/Makefile#L61).

Reviewer 2: @shahpratikr 
would it not be ok if someone raises just one PR with build image Dockerfile changes and updates in the Makefile for that new tag?

Author: yes it would be okay.
